\\ begin {comment}
The function optimization problem is a universal problem class in reality, and research on its solution is actively being conducted.
Among these researches, a solution that streamlines the search for a global optimum solution is well known, and one of them is the real-valued genetic algorithm. The real-valued genetic algorithm does not assume the differentiability or convexity of the objective function or the constraint function, and can efficiently determine the global optimum solution even for multimodal problems, etc. It has properties suitable for solving. However, such a solution generates a large number of solution candidates, and evaluates the many solution candidates to obtain a global optimum solution. A search which generates only a few solution candidates Initial efficiency is not considered important. In practical applications, there are many cases where the number of evaluations of the solution candidate can not be made sufficiently due to the limited calculation time etc. In such a case, this kind of solution is not always suitable.
On the other hand, there is also known a solution that completes the calculation with a small number of evaluations.

% the purpose
In this paper, we propose a real-valued genetic algorithm that can find a good solution at the beginning of the search without losing the ability to search for global optimum solutions.
% Method
In order to achieve this, first, only the neighborhoods of potential solution candidates in the initial solution candidate group are searched intensively. This is expected to make the initial search more efficient.
Next we search for a global optimal solution. At that time, as a device to reduce the efficiency as much as possible, the initial group is left, and it is combined with the group obtained by the intensive search performed earlier. As a result, it is possible to maintain the diversity maintenance of the group and centralization of the search, and to search the global optimum solution efficiently.
% Result
Through numerical experiments, we evaluate the performance of the proposed solution.

-----

There is a genetic algorithm (Genetic Algorithm, GA) \\ cite {Goldberg 89} as a solution that streamlines the search for the global optimum solution for the optimization problem. GA is a method to obtain a solution by performing multipoint search based on generational change of a living population.
As a problem of GA, initial convergence may occur and only a locally optimal solution may be obtained.
In order to avoid this initial convergence, it is necessary to maintain population diversity. Just generation gap (JGG) has been proposed as a generational replacement model that streamlines the search for the global optimum solution while maintaining diversity, particularly when using multi-parent crossover with real-valued GA. \\ Cite {akimoto10 }.
However, since JGG generates enough individuals to emphasize the maintenance of population diversity, it neglects the efficiency of the search initial stage when only a few individuals are generated.
In real problems, a large amount of computing resources is required to evaluate an individual at one time, or the overall calculation time is limited, often limiting the number of evaluations of an individual. In such a case, it is important to obtain an approximate solution with a certain degree of accuracy, if not optimal, in a short time. For this purpose, a solution is known that gives a good solution in a short computation time. However, these solutions do not place importance on searching for global optimal solutions.

In this paper, we propose a real-valued GA that emphasizes finding a good solution at the beginning of the search.
Although the group size of GA is known to be an important parameter related to diversity and convergence speed, it is usually fixed throughout the search \\ cite {kobayashi09}. However, if the group size is uselessly large, the number of evaluations of the solution candidate will increase, and the purpose of finding a somewhat good solution at the beginning of the search can not be achieved.
Therefore, in the proposed method, this purpose is achieved by changing the group size appropriately.
Specifically, first, the search is performed in a state where the group size is small. If the group size is small, the number of evaluations can be reduced, so the convergence speed will be faster, and it can be expected to find a good solution at the beginning of the search.
Next, search for a global optimal solution. At that time, the group size is made sufficiently large to search. It can be expected to secure diversity by finding a sufficient group size and to find a global optimum solution. In addition, JGG is used for the generation alternation model.
\\ end {comment}
2019-06-11T11:39:57.895Z